fix(www): broken link on home page (#12736)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/tutorial/part-four/index.md

If you're building a small site, one efficient way to build it is to pull in unstructured data as outlined in this guide, using `createPages` API, and then if the site becomes more complex later on, you move on to building more complex sites, or you'd like to transform your data, follow these steps:

1.  Check out the [Plugin Library](/plugins/) to see if the source plugins and/or transformer plugins you'd like to use already exist

> 2.  If they don't exist, read the [Plugin Authoring](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/) guide and consider building your own!

Author: ```suggestion
2.  If they don't exist, read the [Plugin Authoring](/docs/how-plugins-work/) guide and consider building your own!
```
